---
author: XhmikosR
layout: news
title: v1.7.0 is released
---

After almost 4 months since our last stable build, we decided to release our next major version.

**Security advisory**: Due to known buffer overflows in the internal filters
of v1.6.8 and below, it is strongly recommended that you update to the new version.
More information on which filters are affected will follow soon.

Highlights of this release:

* Replace the internal filters with LAV Filters. LAV Filters are modern open source DirectShow filters based on FFmpeg. They are known to be reliable and fast and overall should be more stable than the old filters. MPC-HC integrates LAV Filters directly and no extra installation steps are required. The embedded version of LAV Filters doesn't interfere at all with other installed DirectShow filters (including the standalone versions of LAV Filters).
* Support loading HTTP/RTSP/UDP/RTP streams using embedded source filters
* Windows 8.1 support.
* Many more bugfixes and improvements, check the changelog for details.

Due to the switch to LAV Filters, DXVA1 support for Windows XP has been dropped.
Windows XP users can use LAV Filters' Nvidia CUVID decoder if they still require hardware acceleration.
If you can't use any of the available hardware acceleration methods, you can use
our old standalone MPCVideoDecoder from v1.6.8, **at your own risk**.

This release wouldn't have been possible without [nevcairiel's LAV Filters](http://code.google.com/p/lavfilters/),
**alexmarsev**, **Armada**, **Underground78** and our many other [contributors](https://github.com/mpc-hc/mpc-hc/graphs/contributors).

You can download the new version [here](/downloads/). For the complete changes see the [changelog](/changelog/).
