---
author: XhmikosR
title: v1.7.11 is released
date: 2017-03-06 16:00
---

After *a long time* since our last stable build, we are happy to announce v1.7.11.


A few highlights of this release:

* Add support for Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) as a toolbar image.
  Make the default toolbar image DPI-aware, therefore make the interface more friendly for high DPI monitors.
* Brand new, rewritten subtitles downloading framework including the following features:
    * Support for multiple subtitle providers including the default OpenSubtitles as well as
      podnapisi, titlovi, SubDB, ysubs and Napisy24 which can be enabled in Options (Subtitles → Misc)
    * Ability to upload subtitles to OpenSubtitles and SubDB
    * Ability to login into OpenSubtitles
    * Ability to filter subtitle list by selected languages
    * Option to automatically search and download subtitles at the beginning of playback without user interaction
    * Prioritize subtitles for hearing impaired where indicated
* Add shader cache to speed up playback start with complex shader chains
* Add the ability to set audio delay depending on the screen resolution
* Remove old deprecated DirectX 7 renderers. Settings will be updated automatically to use the corresponding VMR-9 renderers.
  If you really want to use a renderer similar to VMR-7 (windowed), use Overlay mixer or the "System Default" renderer.
* Change Pan&Scan logic to be able to quickly rotate video
    * PnS Rotate Y- now flips horizontally
    * PnS Rotate X- now flips vertically
    * PnS Rotate Z- now rotates 90 degrees (counter-clockwise)
* New Bosnian translation. Remember that you can
  [help us](https://trac.mpc-hc.org/wiki/Translations) translating MPC-HC to your language.

Don't forget, that our official builds, both the stable and the beta builds,
[are digitally signed](/2013/02/25/binaries-are-signed/).
Be aware of scams and only get the files from our site!

Also, to report bugs, suggestions and generally provide feedback, use our [Trac](https://trac.mpc-hc.org/);
reporting anything on social media or in any other place is just pointless, as the developers only follow Trac.

You can download the new version [here](/downloads/).
For the complete changes see the [changelog](/changelog/).


## MPC-HC status and the future

As you may have noticed there was not much traction in the MPC-HC project in the recent months.
We do apologize if you felt bad about that. Unfortunately, we were not able to provide as much development time
as MPC-HC deserves.
We believe MPC-HC is a very capable player and we want to keep it rocking for much more years to come.
Sadly, currently, we don't really have the manpower to do so. But this does not mean we want to give up here.
We consider this release as a new starting point and hopefully, we will slowly but steadily improve MPC-HC.

If you care about MPC-HC's future, please contact us. Report issues that you want to be worked on and most importantly
send patches if you can; even small changes help us move forward.
