source/about.rst, before:

.. title:: About

About MPC-HC
============

Media Player Classic - Home Cinema is an extremely light-weight media player for Windows.

* It is written in C++.
* Supports GPU assisted decoding.
* Translated in 25 languages.


MPC-HC Team
-----------

People with Git commit rights (sorted by name)
##############################################

.. csv-table::
    :header: "Name", "Email", "Role"
    :widths: 20, 40, 40

    "Armada", "armada651 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Goran (vBm) Džaferi", "thevbm ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "New website, Trac moderator, IRC"
    "janwillem32", "janwillem32 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "nevcairiel", "nevcairiel ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Underground78", "underground78 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code, French, Admin"
    "v0lt", "v0lt ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code, Russian"
    "XhmikosR", "xhmikosr ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Various stuff, Admin"

Inactive
########

.. csv-table::
    :header: "Name", "Email", "Role"
    :widths: 20, 40, 40

    "_xxl", "drevil_xxl ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "FFmpeg"
    "Alexander Wild", "alexwild ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code, German"
    "Arto Jarvinen", "ar-jar ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Attila T. Afra", "attila.afra ~AT~ gmail ~dot~ com", "Code"
    "Beliyaal", "beliyaal ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "bobdynlan", "bobdynlan ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "clsid", "clsid2 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Casimir666", "casimir666 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Founder, Code, Admin, French"
    "demi_alucard", "alysson87 ~AT~ gmail ~dot~ com", "Code, Portuguese (Brazil)"
    "Di Luo", "sansnom05 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "jonasno", "jonasno ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code, Swedish"
    "KindDragon", "kinddragon ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Martin Panayotov", "mvpsoft ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Old Website"
    "MatMaul", "matmaul ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "spec-chum", "spec-chum ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "tetsuo55", "tetsuo55 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Project Manager, Admin"
    "Tomas Sen", "tomasen ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Vodyannikov Aleksandr", "aleksoid ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code, Russian"
    "xpc1000", "xpc1000 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"

Translators
###########

.. csv-table::
    :header: "Language", "Translator", "Email"
    :widths: 35, 20, 45

    "Armenian", "hrant77", "hrant77 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Basque", "Xabier Aramendi", "azpidatziak ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Belarusian", "Mister-sh", "mister-sh ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Catalan", "xiulet", "xiulet ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Chinese Simplified", "Bonami", "bonami ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Chinese Traditional", "Kene Lin", "kenelin ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Czech", "khagaroth", "khagaroth ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Dutch", "Paul Tjepkema", "pietpuk123 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "French", "Sebastiii", "sebastiii ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "German", "Markus Gaugg", "markusgaugg ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Greek", "geogeo.gr", "geogeo64 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Greek", "Zouloumis", "zouloumis ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Hebrew", "Superb", "superbsubs ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Hungarian", "Tamas Kleiber", "klei ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Italian", "SigiTM", "sigitm ~AT~ users.sourceforge.net"
    "Japanese, Chinese, Simplified/Traditional", "roytam", "roytam1 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Korean", "XNeo", "xneokr ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Polish", "arch__stanton", "arch__stanton ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Polish", "Haix", "haix ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Polish", "kasper93", "kasper93 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Portuguese (Brazil)", "Roger Felipe", "rfrfrfrf ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Russian", "YDY", "ydy ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Slovak", "Marian Hikanik", "mhikanik ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Spanish", "SquallMX", "squallmx ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Turkish", "Bosluk", "bosluk ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Ukrainian", "Ihor Bobalo", "ibobalo ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Ukrainian", "arestarh", "arestarh1986 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"


Contributors
############

    Alexx999, foxx1337, heksesang, judelaw, madshi, mtrz, kasper93, nielsm, skaarj1, VSFilterMod Team, X-Dron

Trac moderators
###############

    namaiki


Many thanks to everyone who supported development without having access to the source repository.

Based on the original version © 2002-2006 by Gabest (e-mail unknown)


Third party libraries
---------------------

.. csv-table::
    :header: "Project", "License", "Website"
    :widths: 20, 20, 40

    "ATL Server", "Ms-LPL", "http://atlserver.codeplex.com/"
    "Bento4", "GPLv2", "http://www.bok.net/trac/bento4/"
    "CLineNumberEdit", "—", "http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/6385/Controls-in-controls-A-line-numbering-edit-box"
    "CSizingControlBar", "GPLv2", "http://www.datamekanix.com/sizecbar/"
    "Detours", "MSR-SSLA", "http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/detours/"
    "FFmpeg", "GPLv2", "http://www.ffmpeg.org/"
    "libflac", "GPLv2 / New BSD License", "http://flac.sourceforge.net/"
    "libmpeg2", "GPLv2", "http://libmpeg2.sourceforge.net/"
    "libogg", "New BSD License", "http://www.xiph.org/"
    "Little CMS", "MIT License", "http://www.littlecms.com/"
    "Logitech SDK", "—", "—"
    "MediaInfoLib", "LGPLv2+", "http://mediainfo.sourceforge.net/"
    "MultiMon", "CPOL", "http://www.codeproject.com/KB/GDI/multimon.aspx"
    "QuickTime SDK", "—", "http://developer.apple.com/quicktime/download/"
    "RealMedia SDK", "—", "—"
    "ResizableLib", "Artistic License", "http://sourceforge.net/projects/resizablelib/"
    "Silk Icons", "CC Attribution 2.5", "http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/"
    "SoundTouch", "LGPLv2.1", "http://www.surina.net/soundtouch/"
    "TreePropSheet", "—", "http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/3709/CTreePropSheet-A-Netscape-Visual-Studio-NET-like-P"
    "UnRAR", "freeware", "http://www.rarlab.com/rar_add.htm"
    "VirtualDub", "GPLv2", "http://www.virtualdub.org/"
    "ZenLib", "zlib License", "http://sourceforge.net/projects/zenlib/"
    "zlib", "zlib License", "http://zlib.net/"

Commit message:

about.rst: show a warning instructing people to use Trac

source/about.rst, after:

.. title:: About

About MPC-HC
============

Media Player Classic - Home Cinema is an extremely light-weight media player for Windows.

* It is written in C++.
* Supports GPU assisted decoding.
* Translated in 25 languages.


MPC-HC Team
-----------

.. warning::
    Please, do not contact team members directly for support,
    use the `bug tracker <https://trac.mpc-hc.org/wiki/How_to_Report_Issues>`_ instead.


People with Git commit rights (sorted by name)
##############################################

.. csv-table::
    :header: "Name", "Email", "Role"
    :widths: 20, 40, 40

    "Armada", "armada651 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Goran (vBm) Džaferi", "thevbm ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "New website, Trac moderator, IRC"
    "janwillem32", "janwillem32 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "nevcairiel", "nevcairiel ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Underground78", "underground78 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code, French, Admin"
    "v0lt", "v0lt ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code, Russian"
    "XhmikosR", "xhmikosr ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Various stuff, Admin"

Inactive
########

.. csv-table::
    :header: "Name", "Email", "Role"
    :widths: 20, 40, 40

    "_xxl", "drevil_xxl ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "FFmpeg"
    "Alexander Wild", "alexwild ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code, German"
    "Arto Jarvinen", "ar-jar ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Attila T. Afra", "attila.afra ~AT~ gmail ~dot~ com", "Code"
    "Beliyaal", "beliyaal ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "bobdynlan", "bobdynlan ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "clsid", "clsid2 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Casimir666", "casimir666 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Founder, Code, Admin, French"
    "demi_alucard", "alysson87 ~AT~ gmail ~dot~ com", "Code, Portuguese (Brazil)"
    "Di Luo", "sansnom05 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "jonasno", "jonasno ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code, Swedish"
    "KindDragon", "kinddragon ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Martin Panayotov", "mvpsoft ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Old Website"
    "MatMaul", "matmaul ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "spec-chum", "spec-chum ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "tetsuo55", "tetsuo55 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Project Manager, Admin"
    "Tomas Sen", "tomasen ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"
    "Vodyannikov Aleksandr", "aleksoid ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code, Russian"
    "xpc1000", "xpc1000 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net", "Code"

Translators
###########

.. csv-table::
    :header: "Language", "Translator", "Email"
    :widths: 35, 20, 45

    "Armenian", "hrant77", "hrant77 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Basque", "Xabier Aramendi", "azpidatziak ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Belarusian", "Mister-sh", "mister-sh ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Catalan", "xiulet", "xiulet ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Chinese Simplified", "Bonami", "bonami ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Chinese Traditional", "Kene Lin", "kenelin ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Czech", "khagaroth", "khagaroth ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Dutch", "Paul Tjepkema", "pietpuk123 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "French", "Sebastiii", "sebastiii ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "German", "Markus Gaugg", "markusgaugg ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Greek", "geogeo.gr", "geogeo64 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Greek", "Zouloumis", "zouloumis ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Hebrew", "Superb", "superbsubs ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Hungarian", "Tamas Kleiber", "klei ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Italian", "SigiTM", "sigitm ~AT~ users.sourceforge.net"
    "Japanese, Chinese, Simplified/Traditional", "roytam", "roytam1 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Korean", "XNeo", "xneokr ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Polish", "arch__stanton", "arch__stanton ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Polish", "Haix", "haix ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Polish", "kasper93", "kasper93 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Portuguese (Brazil)", "Roger Felipe", "rfrfrfrf ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Russian", "YDY", "ydy ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Slovak", "Marian Hikanik", "mhikanik ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Spanish", "SquallMX", "squallmx ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Turkish", "Bosluk", "bosluk ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Ukrainian", "Ihor Bobalo", "ibobalo ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"
    "Ukrainian", "arestarh", "arestarh1986 ~AT~ users.sourceforge ~dot~ net"


Contributors
############

    Alexx999, foxx1337, heksesang, judelaw, madshi, mtrz, kasper93, nielsm, skaarj1, VSFilterMod Team, X-Dron

Trac moderators
###############

    namaiki


Many thanks to everyone who supported development without having access to the source repository.

Based on the original version © 2002-2006 by Gabest (e-mail unknown)


Third party libraries
---------------------

.. csv-table::
    :header: "Project", "License", "Website"
    :widths: 20, 20, 40

    "ATL Server", "Ms-LPL", "http://atlserver.codeplex.com/"
    "Bento4", "GPLv2", "http://www.bok.net/trac/bento4/"
    "CLineNumberEdit", "—", "http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/6385/Controls-in-controls-A-line-numbering-edit-box"
    "CSizingControlBar", "GPLv2", "http://www.datamekanix.com/sizecbar/"
    "Detours", "MSR-SSLA", "http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/detours/"
    "FFmpeg", "GPLv2", "http://www.ffmpeg.org/"
    "libflac", "GPLv2 / New BSD License", "http://flac.sourceforge.net/"
    "libmpeg2", "GPLv2", "http://libmpeg2.sourceforge.net/"
    "libogg", "New BSD License", "http://www.xiph.org/"
    "Little CMS", "MIT License", "http://www.littlecms.com/"
    "Logitech SDK", "—", "—"
    "MediaInfoLib", "LGPLv2+", "http://mediainfo.sourceforge.net/"
    "MultiMon", "CPOL", "http://www.codeproject.com/KB/GDI/multimon.aspx"
    "QuickTime SDK", "—", "http://developer.apple.com/quicktime/download/"
    "RealMedia SDK", "—", "—"
    "ResizableLib", "Artistic License", "http://sourceforge.net/projects/resizablelib/"
    "Silk Icons", "CC Attribution 2.5", "http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/"
    "SoundTouch", "LGPLv2.1", "http://www.surina.net/soundtouch/"
    "TreePropSheet", "—", "http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/3709/CTreePropSheet-A-Netscape-Visual-Studio-NET-like-P"
    "UnRAR", "freeware", "http://www.rarlab.com/rar_add.htm"
    "VirtualDub", "GPLv2", "http://www.virtualdub.org/"
    "ZenLib", "zlib License", "http://sourceforge.net/projects/zenlib/"
    "zlib", "zlib License", "http://zlib.net/"
