source/latest_posts.rst, before:


.. raw:: html

    <div class="new">
    <h2>
        <a href="/2013/03/17/1.6.6-released/">v1.6.6 is released</a>
    </h2>

Posted by Armada,Underground78,XhmikosR on 17/03/2013

After 3 months since the last stable build, we decided to release 1.6.6.

This release has many bugfixes and a few new features.

.. raw:: html

        <a class="read-more reference internal" href="/2013/03/17/1.6.6-released/">(read more...)</a>
    </div>
.. raw:: html

    <div class="new">
    <h2>
        <a href="/2013/02/25/binaries-are-signed/">Binaries are signed</a>
    </h2>

Posted by XhmikosR on 25/02/2013

.. raw:: html

    <p>
    Thanks to <strong><a href="http://www.certum.eu/certum/cert,eindex_en.xml">Certum</a></strong>,
    binaries will be digitally signed!
    </p>

.. raw:: html

        <a class="read-more reference internal" href="/2013/02/25/binaries-are-signed/">(read more...)</a>
    </div>
.. raw:: html

    <div class="new">
    <h2>
        <a href="/2013/02/24/website-was-moved/">Website was moved to our own server</a>
    </h2>

Posted by XhmikosR on 24/02/2013

As most of the people who visit our website may have noticed, we have moved
the website to our own server and domain.

.. raw:: html

        <a class="read-more reference internal" href="/2013/02/24/website-was-moved/">(read more...)</a>
    </div>
.. raw:: html

    <div class="new">
    <h2>
        <a href="/2013/01/21/trac-was-moved/">Trac was moved to our own server</a>
    </h2>

Posted by XhmikosR on 21/01/2013

After all these years, one of the most wanted things in our to-do list can be
finally crossed out!

.. raw:: html

        <a class="read-more reference internal" href="/2013/01/21/trac-was-moved/">(read more...)</a>
    </div>

Commit message:

Mention that binaries are signed in v1.6.6 news

source/latest_posts.rst, after:


.. raw:: html

    <div class="new">
    <h2>
        <a href="/2013/03/17/1.6.6-released/">v1.6.6 is released</a>
    </h2>

Posted by Armada,Underground78,XhmikosR on 17/03/2013

After 3 months since the last stable build, we decided to release 1.6.6.

This release has many bugfixes and a few new features. Also, the binaries :doc:`are digitally signed </2013/02/25/binaries-are-signed>`
so you can easily verify their integrity.

.. raw:: html

        <a class="read-more reference internal" href="/2013/03/17/1.6.6-released/">(read more...)</a>
    </div>
.. raw:: html

    <div class="new">
    <h2>
        <a href="/2013/02/25/binaries-are-signed/">Binaries are signed</a>
    </h2>

Posted by XhmikosR on 25/02/2013

.. raw:: html

    <p>
    Thanks to <strong><a href="http://www.certum.eu/certum/cert,eindex_en.xml">Certum</a></strong>,
    binaries will be digitally signed!
    </p>

.. raw:: html

        <a class="read-more reference internal" href="/2013/02/25/binaries-are-signed/">(read more...)</a>
    </div>
.. raw:: html

    <div class="new">
    <h2>
        <a href="/2013/02/24/website-was-moved/">Website was moved to our own server</a>
    </h2>

Posted by XhmikosR on 24/02/2013

As most of the people who visit our website may have noticed, we have moved
the website to our own server and domain.

.. raw:: html

        <a class="read-more reference internal" href="/2013/02/24/website-was-moved/">(read more...)</a>
    </div>
.. raw:: html

    <div class="new">
    <h2>
        <a href="/2013/01/21/trac-was-moved/">Trac was moved to our own server</a>
    </h2>

Posted by XhmikosR on 21/01/2013

After all these years, one of the most wanted things in our to-do list can be
finally crossed out!

.. raw:: html

        <a class="read-more reference internal" href="/2013/01/21/trac-was-moved/">(read more...)</a>
    </div>
